add new sections (#194)
aspose-pdf/Aspose.PDF-Documentation: python-net/advanced-operations/working-with-forms/_index.md

---
title: Working with Forms using Python
linktitle: Working with Forms
type: docs
weight: 60
url: /python-net/working-with-forms/

> description: This section explains how to work with AcroForms in your PDF documents with Aspose.PDF for Python via .NET.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This section describes how to work with AcroForms in PDF documents with Aspose.PDF. for Python via .NET.
```
